Natalia okay yeah great so Natalia tell
me a little bit about how you're doing
today and what we're talking about okay
um I'm super nervous because I'm
probably gonna cry because like okay um
so me too nice
yeah yeah I like I cry a lot I really is
thank you about cries to make me cry so
I think it's gonna be tears um is it
okay to cry yeah I cry all the time so
yeah I'm not embarrassed of crying
anymore I guess
okay um but yeah I've just been having
like a really difficult time lately and
I think I wanted to talk about mainly
like two things that okay maybe overlap
a little bit sure
okay so the first part is um I'm bipolar
okay um I've been diagnosed for about
like four years okay right I've
struggled with like mental health issues
my whole life okay
um I had an eating disorder when I was
14 okay um
and I I got was 50 kilos before and by
the time I was 16 I was 23
so yeah I was pretty rough
I nearly died and I recovered from that
at about 16 and then I was bulimic from
16 til about 22 no until about like
that's not true okay I was I was like a
type of bulimia I don't really want to
talk about it but I was sure one type of
bulimia until 22 and I'm from 22 to like
25 I was a different type of bulimic and
then um in 2017
that's 2016 that's when I got diagnosed
bipolar and when I started my medication
my bulimia actually went away okay um
yeah so sorry like your you have
treatment providers right now that
you're connected with them yeah I've
been on remission like I saw my
psychiatrist for like a whole year
oh gosh the one that diagnosed me
bipolar and I am oh she put me on
remission after a year because I was
pretty stable
um I take lamotrigine take 100
milligrams a day okay so yeah I have a
like I think it's type 2 so I cycle
really quickly
ah really really really really really
quickly I sometimes have to hypomanic
episodes within a month and then to
depressive episodes within a month my
medication has been really good at like
keeping my depression to like just a few
days so I can manage that way but my
issue mostly is with my hypomania
because I become very impulsive and
sometimes I like become a little like
mean I which is so not me okay um and I
sometimes like I wouldn't say I become
like aggressive but I become like it's
nice
snippy like I say things that I don't
mean saying to people and I do like very
um
like abrupt things that I don't think
about doing does that make sense
sure um I have like really racing
thoughts and sometimes it feels like
like especially when I'm asleep at night
it feels like my body is like
like my body is asleep but my mind isn't
asleep like it feels like my mind is
just like racing all the time so that's
like my main issue right now it's like
dealing with the consequences of the
things that I do when I'm hypomanic um I
start a lot of things that I don't
finish and I started a lot of projects
that then I don't want to do and so like
hmm that causes some issues and then the
interplay of that within my stream and
like
internet culture in general
so that's kind of what I'm struggling
right now like I think that my bipolar I
have it under control but the stress of
my job is making it really difficult to
handle okay so thank you so much for
sharing all that that's all yeah so let
me just start by offering kind of a
couple of perspectives so the first
thing is you know I think we a lot of
people have been asking important
questions about whether what we do on
stream is is therapy or not therapy or
mental health treatment so I just want
to make it clear so you have providers
so I'm not going to comment on the
management of your bipolar disorder
whether you have bipolar disorder things
like that's that I think is about you
know that's medical and I'm glad that
you have people with that that can help
you with that I think what I would like
to talk to you about is is I think this
is actually a perfect example of how I
still think I can help you because I
think there could be stuff going on here
that is actually not bipolar disorder
okay so if we think about like like so
what I really try to do here on stream
is help people understand how their mind
works and and what I'm hearing from you
is that sometimes your mind acts
impulsively that you exhibit means
behaviors and in my experience I think
that meanness and impulsivity don't have
to come from bipolar disorder
does that make sense but I am so not
like that sometimes yep I understand
that there are fluctuations within your
mood I'm not blaming you for it but what
I'm saying is that adjusting your
medication may not be the only way to
improve that because all of us are mean
or impulsive at times and there may be
something going on with bipolar disorder
that makes you act more mean or
impulsive but it's a dangerous
assumption to us to assume that that is
just bipolar and in my experience if you
think about regulating your impulses or
understanding where mean this comes from
that's something that all human beings
can do and improve those things and just
because you're bipolar doesn't mean
do those things too it just means that
those things may be harder for you to do
if you have by far does that make sense
yeah no I understand that but the thing
is like what I'm mostly struggling right
now and and like I think that I've been
able to like grow and change a lot to
get a point with like um I I do yoga and
I meditate awesome um and I'm becoming
like a very spiritual person cool and
it's helped me a lot to deal with it but
my biggest issue is with this eight
years of recordings that exists on the
Internet of my past and the past
experiences that I've had and people
judging me everyday by those things okay
so let's talk that that sounds like it's
really really hard to deal with because
most human beings get to make mistakes
right and they get to make mistakes and
they get to learn but when you have
eight years of recordings of your
mistakes sometimes you're not allowed to
make mistakes in the same way or you
never get to like really move past them
is that is that kind of what's going on
with you is yeah it's like I get to make
the mistakes every single day again and
again and again and again what does that
mean can you help me understand well
because people comment on them all the
time so I have to like relive them so
sometimes it feels like
every single day I'm reliving all those
moments okay so it sounds like you're
not really they're not letting you move
past it and you're kind of being
reminded every day of the mistakes that
you made yeah what's that like
it's a horrible
it's horrible because I'm trying to grow
and be better but
it feels like
okay I I can't move on that's how it
chilled yeah I mean it sounds like you
can't move on because people keep on
reminding you and bringing you back
there I mean I can't imagine I mean I I
really don't think that that's like
something you're doing wrong it sounds
like you know if I have so sometimes I
you know deal with people who suffered
from abuse and and you know I I remember
I mean I've heard this story like a
thousand times about you know a kid who
comes home and they've got a bad grade
on a report card and like one of their
parents starts yelling at them or
hitting them the next day they come home
and they hear the same thing like the
report card like they have the bad grade
and every day they're just reminded of
it over and over and over and over again
yeah even if the kid is studying more it
doesn't matter if they're studying
harder or working harder they're being
more if they're if they've actually made
steps to improve like the parent just
keeps on beating the crap out of them
sounds like that's what you're going
through yeah and like generally I've
I've been good at dealing with it I mean
I've been dealing with us for two years
now
weird literally every stream half the
messages I get are about that where
every single Instagram I post half the
messages are about that where every
single tweet I posed 90% of the messages
are horrible hateful things I get
messages every day from people telling
me to kill myself that I'm a [ __ ] that
I'm the worst thing that's ever happened
to twitch um and like it's not just one
it's not just two it's thousands of
thousands every single day um and I
sometimes I'm good sometimes I can
handle it but then some other times I
can do you know I'm so Natalia I'm
really kind of shocked by that and I'm
I'm really kind of wondering like where
does all that hatred come from do you um
like why do they hate you so much like I
find it hard to believe that unless
you're committing genocide that you know
you were deserving of thousands of
people just
I don't know
sometimes I feel like if I was like in
prison it would be easier
would be easier about present that at
least impress it and be like I'm getting
to pay for my mistakes in a way in which
I can move on it should get better and
work in myself but up it feels right now
that I'm like in hell
you know we're like every single day for
the rest of my life I'm gonna have to
deal with that and like it feels like my
only option is to just get up social
media completely but the problem is I
haven't done anything else with my life
like I I quit college for for twitch and
so like I would have to let my house go
I would have to let my pets go you know
like it's just not an option for me to
like go do something else you sound like
you're stuck yeah I it's also shocking
to hear you know someone say something
like I almost wish I could be in prison
because it sounds like if if there was
something what I'm hearing from you is
if there was something you could do to
show the people who hate you that you're
trying to atone or you're paying your
price or whatever then you would do it
but what I'm hearing from you is that
you know if they're telling you to kill
yourself there's really nothing you can
do to like appease them right it's like
there's no it's impossible
like what are they looking for from you
I can't imagine what would actually
satisfy them
well I killed myself and I thought about
it so many days so many times so I am I
already had a plan on how I was gonna do
it okay or you know or your providers
aware of that No okay can we talk for a
second about that mm-hmm
what keeps you from sharing that then I
haven't really seen like my psychiatrist
is like 2017 okay so maybe give them a
call and kind of let them know what
you're going through because I know as a
psychiatrist one of the things the the
most difficult thing about my job is
when I'm there to help someone and they
don't let me know that they need help
and and so if you're going through this
stuff I would strongly strongly
recommend that you reach out to your
psychiatrist and kind of let them know
that something is going on it doesn't
necessarily mean that they're gonna
change your medication or anything like
that I mean I'm not gonna be able to do
it because my friends literally like
they chased me around everywhere what do
you like my friends don't let me be
alone cuz they know you're talking about
you're not gonna be able to kill
yourself yeah okay well I'm not i I'm
not like I'm not left alone ever
okay so sorry that's reassuring and also
whether you're left alone or not I think
is actually like besides the point
because the point here is that you're
suffering and there may be things that
people can do for you or that you can do
for yourself to suffer less and I'm not
talking about winning over the hateful
people what I'm talking about as you
said you're becoming more spiritual so
like in a weird way I think this is a
conversation about meanness hatred
purpose how do you find a way to move
forward how do you deal with the hate of
other people because like I there's
something that sounds to me I just don't
think I can do it anymore I don't think
I can handle what they hate anymore
yeah so that makes sense to me that you
can't do that because I'm actually
shocked that you've been able to do it
this long like this sounds insane to me
like how have you been able to do it
this long
I don't know I guess I've been really
strong for a very long time hmm and then
like I just hit a point where it so many
things happened like one after the other
and then I just I don't know okay yeah
so what I'm asking you to do is lean on
the people whose job it is to help you
through this kind of thing so I'm not
I'm not so I'm not saying that like
reaching out to your psychiatrist is
separate from your friends not letting
you feel a lot like the point here is
like if they're not gonna let you kill
yourself that's great that's wonderful
that's awesome and at the same time it
is by belief that you don't have to feel
this way at least this much yeah anymore
and yet there going to be people around
myself included who can try to help you
understand you know how to think about
yourself how to move forward and I think
one of the important people in your life
is going to be your psychiatrist and
just let them know what's going on okay
and probably go see them because so hard
to explain to anybody what I'm dealing
with
the doesn't know twitch and doesn't know
social media yeah so so that's it you're
spot on it is very hard to explain it
but yeah this is this is where my
psychiatrist just like I don't know like
50 years old like how do I explain to
her why this is affecting me so much I
so here's the thing you gotta give him a
chance to understand okay and here's the
thing
so Natalia I think this is really
important if you can think about other
people in this moment I know this is
gonna sound bizarre but I I think the
world would be a better place the world
would be a better place if you told your
psychiatrist now why is that it's
because 50 year old psychiatrists are
gonna practice for another 20 years and
unless people like you try to explain it
to them they're not gonna get it and if
they get it think about how much more
they would be able to help all of the
other patients that they're seeing do
you think you're the only person and in
this person's practice that's dealing
with hate from social media your hate
may be way worse than everyone else's
but I can guarantee you because I
a [ __ ] psychiatrist and people come
into my office social media is tearing
everyone apart and so in a weird way if
you can I think it's almost like if you
can afford if you have any bandwidth
left to try to make the world a better
place which I don't blame you for if you
don't because it sounds like you're
running on empty you know talk to your
mental health provider and it's try to
explain that with them and if they don't
understand they don't understand and
then maybe you try to get a referral for
a therapist who's younger or something
like that and I'm happy to help you try
to problem-solve about you know trying
to find you good help if you know with
your psychiatrist and things like that
if you need help but I would strongly
encourage that you know you because you
just it's not fair for you to deal with
this [ __ ] because it sounds like you're
dealing with the [ __ ] alone do like who
supports you during this time like for
the past two years like who do you have
in your corner yeah not a lot of people
I have to like really close friends and
that's pretty much it yeah I have a
really good community like I have a lot
of people that love me you know like I
have I have a pretty strong community
that like shares a lot of love so that
does help and I I loved streaming I love
sharing my life and my love for life
with people but and like this whole time
I was just telling myself that I if I
hold on for a little longer things will
get better so that oh that's a good
thought to have and what I would like to
help you do today Natalia is not hold on
until things get better but let's try to
think about how we can make them better
okay right so there are going to be
fluctuations over time which is
completely normal but if you're getting
a lot of hate from the internet how can
we think about what's that what that's
doing to your mind how can we think
about you know meanness and and how to
deal with hatred and stress what do you
think about that is that a useful use
like what do you want to talk about
today yeah like generally and and and
you you mentioned like how have I been
able how have I been able to
first so long with this and I'll explain
to you how I was able to cope with it
for so long
sure number one and I think this is the
the main way that I was able to cope
with things was to tell myself that the
person the people were hating on was not
me but the idea of who they thought I
was sure so I was able to like separate
myself from the hate in a way in which
they're not hating me but this idea who
they think I am which it's not who I am
because of these people knew me I assure
you a hard person they wouldn't hate me
or they wouldn't hate me as much I mean
there's a possibility that they would
dislike me but not to the point where
like being obsessed with me and like
messaging me every single [ __ ] day
non-stop like I just these people have
to be sick like you have to be sick in
order to get pleasure of telling a
person to kill themselves every day you
know what I mean yeah how do you
understand why they hate you so much
they're just angry angry at who
at themselves
what are they angry at themselves about
oh I feel like they must have a lot of
like for you too there's a saying that
says hurt people hurt and I kind of put
them in that category
because I have things I just like you
know but I don't go out of my way to
focus my entire life on the things that
I dislike it must mean that they don't
have a lot of happy things in their life
but they can focus on so the only thing
they can do is focus on this idea of
belonging to an entire cult of the
internet that likes to hate on me you
have to understand I became the punching
bag of the internet like dr. disrespect
got banned okay I've never met the guy
never talked to him like ever had an
interaction with the guy he got banned
and I was trending on Twitter with his
band people telling me that it was my
fault that he got banned hey isn't he
make any sense you know hey I just it
doesn't make sense
like people were harassing me like why
do you get him banned like what do you
do what do you did a dog like that you
cheated with him did you like I'm like
dude like look what the [ __ ] right and
so I became obsessed on trying to find
out why he got banned cuz I wanted to
prove these people that like add nothing
to do with me hmm
and it's just like it's it's impossible
to make them happy yeah I know and so
that's why I'm trying to think about you
know how do we what do we do about that
how do you approach someone who's
impossible once when it's impossible to
make someone happy how do you deal with
that kind of person
what you can that's thrown unhappiness I
just have to ignore it well yeah so but
then then I've tried I've tried like
there's I remember this one guy a little
bit ago who was like really really
really really angry like just I could
just tell they were messaging me on
Twitter and they're like kill yourself
kill yourself [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] and I
was like hey like how are you like I was
actually worried about him I was like
how are you like do you have parents
like do you have family and they're like
no [ __ ] you [ __ ] you [ __ ] kill yourself
kill yourself and I was like I was
actually I tried talking to the person I
was like hey like if you need anything
you know just like because I was feeling
good at the time like normally if I'm
feeling good like I'm strong and I can
handle it um and and I just feel like
that person must have been hurting so
much right and like my whole night I was
just like worried about this person
who's like hating on me and then I
thought I was like I'm so like why do I
care about this random guy was telling
me to kill myself like I am worried
about how they're feeling and their life
when they're being so horrible to me and
like that's not fair to me like I don't
know what to do about it yeah honestly
in Italian I'm not sure what to do about
it either I mean my thought is that can
I think for a second
hmm
so here's what I'm confused about so
often times people come on on stream and
we kind of talk about what they're
struggling with and I can understand
that you're struggling with this stuff
but the weird thing about this is like I
don't know that there is some way to
help you get to peace with this because
it's sort of like there's this
assumption that you can do something
differently and then you'll be happier
or more okay but like this sounds to me
like a little bit like cancer like your
attitude towards cancer only matters so
much right because like it I mean I I
just don't understand how a human mind
can withstand this amount of constant
hatred over this amount of time like
there's just there's some things that
are just you're just not gonna be able
to like it's just you that's not how
humans work like there's like I mean I
think that you can feel better but I
think we have to acknowledge for a
moment that you know that that that is
beyond my control yeah absolutely right
and and so I think that there's a lot of
solace and there's like I mean I don't
think you have to continue feeling the
way that you do now because I think
there are some things that you can do
differently and some things that you can
think about and understand but at the
end of the day I guess the first thing
that I want to acknowledge is that this
is not like a single-player game right
it's like and and no I mean I'm just
hearing that there's just a lot of
hatred coming from the other side and
like that hatred needs to be addressed
in order for you to feel in peace
because I don't know I don't know how I
have no idea how you deal with that like
I just don't think that like unless you
become enlightened and and become less
they become like some sort of superhuman
where where you're like whooping and
things don't affect you and and stuff
like that we can not only talk about you
know how to take one step forward in
that way I've tried like I honestly like
I've been do you know who Alan Watts
says yeah yeah I've been listening to
him like every day I've been like like
but because I've because I've been
dealing with
for two years now right like I've tried
everything I can do and like I've tried
shielding myself from it and the best I
can but it's just like it becomes
impossible like if I want to do my job I
have to see these head messages yeah so
I mean there's a part of me that says
that like the the real way for me to
help you is is not necessarily by
talking or not it's not gonna be enough
to talk to you I think what I really
have to do is try to understand the
people who say these kinds of things do
you write it's like trying to understand
and I'm with you that that there's just
angry at things I've done in the past
you know what do you want to talk about
that like I don't understand I mean yeah
okay
I can I can explain to you I can't
explain to you everything that happened
okay so this all started you have time
because it's gonna be long go for it
okay this all started with PewDiePie
okay
he's a big streamer a big youtuber the
biggest youtuber in the world I think I
was live on stream and one of my viewers
showed me his video at the time I was I
had just come from a trip and we
generally when I travel I become a
little hypomanic just change and stuff
um and they showed me a video where he
was doing an eye tracker challenge where
he was looking at some girls on Twitch
like get up and sit and stuff trying the
whole point of the eye tracker
challenges that you don't look at their
boobs and their butts and stuff like
that and he failed and so he goes all
these stupid twitch thoughts hmm you
know which I don't have you've heard the
term thought I don't think a [ __ ] it's
like a [ __ ]
oh my god yeah like just like a hoe it's
like that hoe over there or something
like that okay um hmm and I got pretty
mad um and I had just started working
with this company that was doing like
claims on videos the word like
compilations of myself I didn't think
about it I got up and he scripts my
roommate like oh can we copy strike
pewdiepie whatever hmm
nothing it was just like show me strike
like like put a copyright strike on his
video because he was yeah it was just
like a joke well I was trying to play it
up for the stream or whatever
you know like like being like oh let's
copyright strike this video but what
people don't understand is that I didn't
actually copy strike this video like I
didn't do it it was the company that was
working for me accidentally and
coincidentally put a strike on the video
now this was this huge drama on
copyright law the company that I was
working with that I stopped working with
they issued a statement saying like hey
illinit II wasn't the person that did
this it was an employee of ours they had
no reason to do this liked to put this
thing out there but nobody paid
attention to that everybody was like
she's evil she's abusing law bla bla bla
bla bla bla bla bla even though the
proof was there like this company issued
a statement they said like Alan II
didn't do this but he had so many fans
and they got so angry you know
interesting and so people because he had
so many fans and I was like a pretty
small straight guy I had like a thousand
concurrent viewers like I wasn't like
huge or anything but like I you know I
was like a decent-sized streamer um
anyway so after that people started
going back on a lot of my old videos
because I have eight years of footage
and I had all my vods from like 2015 and
2016 up and they went through all my
videos and trying to find instances in
which I had done things and I used to
have a lot of fun on the stream I just
drank all the time and like played
stands and like have a lot of fun and
then there's a clip of me and my best
friend we were drinking and somebody
asks me this is like the second the
second part of everything somebody asked
me how I got to Canada now
I I have to put a parentheses here to
explain to you something to explain this
part but I met my ex-husband in world
Warcraft back in 2009 he came and
visited I think MIT 2008 he came and
visited me for a year back and forth we
were like super in love we ended up
getting married in Colombia because he
wanted to stay there he wanted to teach
in Colombia but he wasn't able to get a
job so I had to come back to Canada
because he was broke I lived with my
parents and stuff so we started like a
sponsorship and the sponsorship took a
whole year and he visited sometimes but
sometimes not so then after a year that
I end up coming Canada it would have
been married for like a year and a half
two years already
I found out that he had been cheating on
me like the whole time
um and obviously it was really hard for
me because I had left like my entire
family in Colombia and everything to be
with this guy so I was very better I
separated from him I was already in
school so I stayed here in Canada acts
like I was going to school um but I I
have kept a lot of bitterness in my
heart for this and I understand that
that was my mistake
about being angry at him because I said
on stream when the person asked me like
how did I get to Canada I said like
laughingly I was like oh well I got
married and I came to Canada and then I
divorced him and so this whole rumor of
me committing immigration fraud got
started and
then it was like oh you know a linen
decommitted immigration fraud and then
like after enough people say it and
enough youtubers make videos of these
things it becomes my reality you know
what I mean
like people take it as a fact that that
is what happened and now I am very angry
myself because I feel like if I hadn't
been better at him back then I wouldn't
have said those things
so I put it is my fault for being angry
you know to tell you I'm not sure I
agree with that and I understand why you
would think that but like I mean the
story is you tell it today sounds like
you sort of so it sounds like you have
sort of a tendency to make off-color
jokes and then for some reason and I
mean that's that's fine yeah but but
people will always misinterpret the
things you say and will create this idea
that you're some horrible person let me
finish the whole story okay okay so
after that it was like okay I committed
copyright fraud then I committed
marriage fraud then after that I there's
there's an incident with another
streamer that I'm not gonna mention
about and there was something else I
really don't want to talk about that one
um then it was it was the the cat thing
and this one was a really bad one so my
cat stands here I don't know if you've
seen clips of it my cat likes to sit
like up here um and I was I was playing
ranked in a game and my cat jumps on my
desk and I go like oh and I try to put
him up here but he falls um and so
that's when the whole animal abuse thing
started now people started taking videos
of every single time I had interact with
my pets in eight years hmm
and then they found a clip where I was
drinking vodka and I took a sip of vodka
and then my cat licked my lips cuz
I used to do this really gross thing
where I would bird feed my cat which is
disgusting I know that means you feed
your cat food from your mouth yeah I
don't anymore but I used to do that okay
we all have younger years where we do
things that weren't exactly the smartest
yeah anyway so I'm drinking vodka and
she was able to lick some of my lips and
she was clearly distraught and I never
did that again ever again
cuz I was like oh my god I was so dumb
but I was really drunk so I know it's
not an excuse so then the animal abuse
thing got started hmm
I invited the SPCA to my house they came
here you know they they issued a
statement as well saying like hey no
abuse was found blah blah blah but now
I'm the person that committed copyright
law immigration fraud animal abuse and I
got away with everything and you know
how I got away with everything by
sleeping with people
and so this is illinit e to the intron
so a little bit where the hatred comes
from now yeah so let me ask and I blame
myself it's all my fault yeah so I know
that you're gonna start thinking that
way right because that's what happens
when we when we get treated poorly by
other people we start to believe that
about ourselves like when kids get
abused
so it's up okay so when kids get abused
they start to believe things that their
abusers tell them and that's not just
true of kids it's also true of like
abusive relationships and and then we
start to believe those things that other
people tell us because we hear them over
and over and over again and what I'm
hearing from you is that there's you
know there's like a little person inside
you who's trying to tell you not to
believe this stuff but if you hear it
often enough you start to blame yourself
is if this is partly my fault I mean
there are stupid things I should yeah
yeah they are my fault yeah so that's
that's what makes me think that you're
reasonable because I think you recognize
that you did some things that were
either off-color or you know not really
great on camera or were flat-out wrong
yeah but like the whole bad thing was so
wrong I mean the marriage thing it was
wrong that I said it in the way I said
it but I don't think that people should
have taken a clip of five seconds of me
saying that you know and like turn it
into this what it is because now every
time I travel it's a huge deal like I
can't every time I come back in the
country I have to go through like
immigration for like two hours to like
talk to someone and explain to them and
you know and like I'm always able to
come in because they always do the
research and I show them pictures and
the documents and everything and they're
like okay you guys live together you
know it's okay um we actually separated
I'm a couple II he I didn't get a penny
from the guys and want anything to do
with him you know but it's like
people just want to think that I'm this
horrible person yeah so where does the
the you slept your way out of all these
problems come from well cuz people can't
imagine that I'm not in jail like if you
hear all these things you're like this
person should be deported and they
should be like out of twitch and they
should be like in jail or something and
they see me streaming like oh happy and
having fun and people get angry at that
they don't understand that the idea that
like yes I have done things that are
wrong but half of the things that
they've heard about me are alive
you
hmm do you think you get treated
differently because of your physical
appearance oh yeah for sure
and because I'm a woman like there have
been streamers that have like fed their
cats chocolate on stream you know and
right for a cat yeah terrible for an
animal it's just this poisonous alcohol
is um and it's like people don't don't
think about it twice you know I mean hmm
why do you think they think about it
twice with you because of the narrative
because of your appearance
yeah because because I think it's the
whole PewDiePie thing that got it
started like PewDiePie fans and you know
what the what the worst part of it is
the PewDiePie and I are good now like
like I'm good with him and his fans
still think that like you know this is
very funny this happened to me with soda
- soda and I used to do arenas back in
the day you know soda soda popping okay
me and so what I used to do a long time
ago and there is this ongoing joke in
which I was supposed to give him feed
pigs for carry me and arenas which just
it was just a joke we had and then in
one of his videos he uploaded it online
and there was a comment of that and I
had people come into my stream for like
three years happy but like pictures of
my feet Oh feet pigs yes and people came
into my stream every single day for like
three years asking me to give sort of
the feed pics that he deserved so the
thing is because these videos are out
there live
sorry about the burp because those
videos are out of this person because
these videos are out there then people
think that like that is the reality
today you know what I mean like if a
person sees a video that's five years
old today they're like oh yeah this is
the reality right now but it's not so
it's just it sucks I tell you what are
you doing right now how are you feeling
I'm feeling better yes you're smiling
why yeah cuz it's funny it's a stupid
sad and funny it gets
ridiculous what's ridiculous about like
I can't believe that I'm in this
situation because the situation is so
stupid and I can't believe that I get
the amount of hate I get for something
so silly yeah I think it is it is a
funny story I mean this is what the
Internet is about right
it's about feet pick memes and and you
know collaborations and and people like
I mean that's what hopefully life is
right it's like yeah but like back then
the feedback thing was funny and then
the pewdiepie thing I actually didn't
mind it as much but then now it's just
like you're an abuser and you break the
law and this and you get away with so
much [ __ ] and it's like I don't have
control over these things like I invited
the SPCA I have to deal with immigration
every time I travel you know the
authorities have been here I have been
cleared the whole the whole copyright
thing got cleared as well and it's just
like people don't see that because they
see these videos that people who are
horrible have made online about me like
exaggerating the truth and then there's
people like keemstar who like invent
[ __ ] all the time
he like he's like created Photoshop
stuff like there's this on this ongoing
thing that I sleep with people at twitch
now that's the only way possibly in
their mind that I'm my band and it's
like I don't even leave my house
you know what I mean like I live didn't
know where Saskatchewan is no I just
know it's far away okay I live in the
Midwest of Canada I don't go - I've
never been to twitchcon I rarely ever
travel like I've gone to packs twice and
like I'm going to Blizzcon twice that's
like all the conventions have been - in
eight years and like the like I sleep
around so much and [ __ ] we're like I I
barely even leave my house you know so
it's just it's just so ridiculous it's
just like it's all so ridiculous
yes so to tell you I'm kind of confused
because it sounds like I don't know how
to help you right now you can help me I
think the only thing I can do it like I
have like two options I kill myself or I
leave the internet or like I learned how
to deal with it I guess
yeah so let's pick number three number
one sounds like a not a good idea number
two also sounds like that's not a good
idea so number three and I and I'm
dealing with it but I think I hit a
point where like I don't want to have to
deal with it anymore
yeah too much work yes it sounds like
there are things that other people have
in their lives that they can take for
granted like when I open up the internet
it is not hateful things about me and I
can only imagine what it's like to I
mean actually I can't imagine what it's
like to wake up and have you know so
much hatred about you coming from so
many like literally having to wake up
every single day and the first thing you
do in the morning is clear hey Instagram
comments like that is my morning every
single day that's a sentence then I do
it I've been doing it for two years
though
yeah I think that that helping you deal
with it is like a piece of it but I
think we've gotta understand I mean I'm
looking at this a little bit more and
the apologies that this is unfair to you
Natalia but I just don't think that you
can you know people are abusing you
which it sounds like actually what your
what the sounds to me like is that
you're an abusive relationship with the
Internet and oftentimes we see a lot of
trouble amiss like I deserve it though
but you deserve what I got I mean I
don't to you they're all the hate I get
but I I deserved that they hate at some
point it's just like it's perpetuated
you know right but I think I've already
paid my dues like I've suffered enough
you know what it means
yeah so that's that's what I think that
you know if you deserve I think if you
did something wrong sure you deserve I
don't know if you deserve Hey I mean I
think that I wouldn't I don't know that
people deserve hey I think what they
deserve is you know possibly punishment
or justice yeah what total things that I
didn't get the judgment that and they
believed I deserved so they're giving me
my punishment and hey yeah what I'm
trying to figure out is why do they care
so much about you I mean there are lots
of people out there that can be hated
and a lot of streamers get hate from a
lot of people it seems like you're lucky
or unlucky enough to get a particularly
passionate and committed group of people
or the or what's happening is there
could be a cognitive bias going on I
mean I'm not really getting this but the
other option is that you are [ __ ] up
on way more regular basis and more
severely than you think now is that an
option like are you because I don't
think that that's the case but generally
no that's not the case I mean I had like
an accidentally accidental nip slip like
three months ago but other than that the
cat thing was like it the cat thing was
oh and it was so horrible dude they like
made so many NIT so many memes about it
and like they body shamed me so much
telling me that my nipples were like too
dark and they were like people made fun
of my nipple
and it wasn't and hey it wasn't just
viewers the thing is it's also streamers
that do this all the time and so when
streamers talk about me and say [ __ ]
about me then their viewers come and
hate on me and so I just like got
constant waves of people coming into my
stream because I'll like show a clip for
like like sometimes on Instagram and
they'll be like a story of something I
said like three years ago and then
they'll be like my Instagram gets
flooded with people saying hateful stuff
how many people are there do you think
that that sort of do this is it like is
it a lot or is it like a few very
dedicated people there's big streamers
that do this like big drama channels
love talking about me because I think
like I became a meme and and so many
people hated me so much that I became
like a really easy way of getting views
and followers and likes I'm sorry what
does that mean are you feeling because
it's dumb so what are you feeling when
you start to smile I I just I just like
laugh about things that make me sad
are you sad about this of course I just
don't think it's fair okay let people
get to use me and the bad things that
have happened to me for their own
monetary benefit I think it's dumb
yeah I've come to understand that there
are a couple of channels that basically
are like drama farming and yeah he talks
about me like every day though like what
even if I don't do anything he like he
likes to like go like oh I know I'll in
any I know what a linen he has on Twitch
blah blah blah like I don't have
anything on Twitch what is who's
keemstar Oh freaking sociopath he's like
he's like he's done so many horrible
things I don't even know where to start
you should go watch the the hair
productions he made a video on him I
don't even want to talk about it he's
just not a nice person and I'm pretty
sure everybody can agree with that well
he has followers but he's known for like
making up [ __ ] and like going after
people and like
affect them them a lot and I
yeah just not nice yeah Natalia I'm
sorry to say but like everything you're
telling me makes me think that this is
not like this problem is bigger than you
I mean there's there's a lot here in
terms of like grief and difficulty and
stress and [ __ ] like that but I don't
know like sometimes when I talk to
people there their perceptions are
distorted and so I think that part of
what I do is like help them understand
how does your mind work okay what what
is stress doing to you things like that
but in a weird way I'm not I'm not
hearing a whole lot like I don't know
exactly how to help you like do you have
any sense of what I can do to help you
what can I do that would be helpful
I don't know
do you think you can you're a
professional you tell me yep I am the
professional hmm do you think life you
know if you don't think I can be helped
that's not what I said I'm asking you do
you think here's the thing I honestly
think that everything that I could have
done I've already done it yeah I can I
really do yeah I can tell that you would
think that way so my next question for
you is do you think you can be helped do
you think you can feel better do you
think you can be better
I don't know
it's just it's just a big problem like
it's not you're right it's not just me
it's like it's like an issue of like
social media and the world and stuff
yeah and and so maybe that's why I'm
having some difficulty because like I
think we have to start with your
perception of whether you have to
continue to feel this way right because
like changing the way that you feel is
actually stuff too step one is can you
change
do you have to wake up and feel the way
that you do every morning no it's not
worth it anymore
okay so what about your what do you
think can change about the way that your
mind is or the way that your life is
like the situation that I'm put in is
the only thing line used to change
so I'm not so sure I agree like I like
either like not being on the internet
anymore you know and like that's a
possibility for me like I can just go
back to school or something sure yeah
yeah so generally I do feel like this is
gonna follow me everywhere like I live
in a small city and literally like
everybody knows about me okay funny
thing I was actually I was actually in
um in nursing school when I started
streaming the first two years of
streaming and um I actually had a viewer
report me to the CRNA the registered
nurses association in Saskatchewan
they sent a bunch of [ __ ] about me that
I was like getting naked on stream and
saying that I was paying college through
that just like stupid [ __ ] and I got
called to the dean's office and the
Zetas like super racist it was awful it
was an awful experience it was partly
the reason why I quit nursing to stream
was because of that because I so like
I'm thinking like if I go back to school
it's gonna be that - like people aren't
gonna leave me alone regardless of what
I do
like I'd have to change my name and go
somewhere else maybe like maybe that's
the only way
yeah I don't want to accept that answer
I'm not saying that you're wrong I'm
just saying that I don't want to accept
it what do you think about them I think
it would be really nice to go and start
again from zero somewhere else what
would be nice about that but I don't
have to deal with this anymore
yeah that does sound I wouldn't blame
you see decided to do that I mean I
think no one really good but I don't see
how anyone could I'm sure I I think if
we're I'm hearing one thing the Talley
it's that people blame you for all kinds
of [ __ ] that's unfair they may find a
way to blame you then I mean I wouldn't
let people know where I am or what my
new name is and they wouldn't be able to
find me she's like I have to disappear
basically do you want to do that yeah
I just want to be a different person I
don't like me anymore
that hurts to hear because I don't think
that your I don't think it's fair for
you to not like the person that at least
I'm talking to I like the person I'm
talking to I think you're a wonderful
person that's sweet thank you
why do you think I think
cuz you're a nice person and you see the
grid of people okay right so so now we
see something interesting so I think
you're a wonderful person because I'm
relentlessly positive that what you're
saying no no I'm not saying that but
okay like
if a person is not like a good person
they see the bad in others if a person
like I don't know how to explain this
okay so you see the good in people
you're seeing the good the good
qualities in me why do I see good
quality what do I see in you that's good
I don't know you tell me nope you tell
me if you really if you really have
trouble with you really okay
I really like it if you could try so I'm
just meeting you for the first time
today yeah so like what could I possibly
think is respect what you probably say
that to all your like clients and
patients you always tell them that you
like ah
so when you say when you say that I say
that to everyone what you're doing is
actually invalidating what I'm telling
you do you see that you're kind of
saying but you say that to everyone you
don't know me you don't know me how can
you like me ah that's a good question I
don't know you so what is it about you
that I don't know we would change my
mind let's give it a shot
but be careful because we don't want to
give people like more ammo so maybe if
you don't speak but oh my god right I
mean we need to be careful here for a
second but I'd say try like okay I'll
tell you what my friend say about me
they say that I'm a very generous person
okay actually Josh said that to me
yesterday that I'm very relaxed like a
very chill I'm cool with whatever like
I'm not a complicated person
I like to treat every human the same
like I hate we're in like other content
creators think like they're better than
other people like that are really
triggers me so I don't know if there's a
word for defining like I'd like to treat
everyone equally
okay no matter who they are do I know
any of that about you no you don't know
that about me so why why on earth would
I think you're a wonderful person is it
just because that's what I say to
everyone because I'm a human and all
humans are wonderful in a way I guess I
don't know tell me yeah so but so so in
telly good so now let's think about the
answers that you're coming up with or
just like general right there's nothing
specific about but I think this is the
problem is that you started when you say
you don't want to be you anymore what
I'm seeing is that you don't see
anything specifically good about you as
a person like you you can't you
literally can't come up with anything
that you've talked about today that
would make you like respect and
appreciate you as a person right it's
all general stuff it's like just because
I'm a nice guy and I see the good in all
people [ __ ] like that nah I wish that
was true but I I don't I see I see
badness and people too so here's what I
think is pretty respectable the first is
that you're trying to be different that
first and foremost has you in my corner
I'm in your corner sorry because I think
you've recognized that you've done some
things wrong and you're trying to change
so if there is one thing that will make
me think that you are a wonderful person
and makes me think that makes me respect
you and also makes me think that you
deserve my help is that you yourself for
trying to change so I don't know if if
you get this Nathalia but not everyone
is like that like you just think about
the people that send you Instagram
messages every day or like those people
do you think they wake up in the morning
and they say I'm gonna try to be a
better person what have I done wrong in
my life and how can I try to do better I
find it hard to believe that the legions
of people that are hating you wake up
every day and try to become better human
beings maybe they are maybe it's unfair
maybe we're judging them unfairly fine
right and maybe there's a bias with the
way that you're displaying information
there are all kinds of reasons that that
could be wrong but generally in my
experience when you have people who wake
up every day and they just like spout
hate and other human beings that doesn't
strike me as a very self-reflective
person maybe they're I don't know so the
first thing reason that I think you're
wonderful is because I think you're
trying to be a different person second
thing is that you know I know this is
probably gonna be I'm gonna get some
[ __ ] for this but I think you're
actually kind of funny and and I think
that you're you're also maybe I don't
know if you're and I say this with
respect okay but you know I still gotta
say I don't know if you're unlucky or
hurts vo missus oh yeah I don't know if
you're a little bit stupid because I
think that like some of the stuff that
you're doing on stream is like is like
really not that great and that sounds
kind of dumb to me but I also think a
lot of what you're describing is where
it's like I think the whole feet big
thing is is [ __ ] hilarious and I
think that you are unlucky because I
think there are people like making
people laugh I know and that's what too
extreme yeah I really I really sometimes
I think like if I make myself look
stupid and I get people to laugh like
that's what went on me like I don't mind
making a fool out of myself if I can get
somebody to have a good time yeah so I
mean I I think a lot of what you do is
like par for the course for what happens
on Twitch and actually white which is a
wonderful place because there are stupid
ass memes that get propagated and there
are actually suicidal kids out there who
can watch that laugh get their day gets
a little bit brighter and in the world
actually becomes a slightly better yeah
and I do believe that and I also think
that like III I mean I haven't really
watched your streams and I don't really
know and I'm new to twitch I've been
doing this for about six months and I
don't have time to watch my twitch any
yeah but but it does sound to me like
there are a couple of things that you've
done which which I would really
think long and hard about and at the top
of the list is like how much you consume
alcohol in general and also on stream
okay that's smart
yes sometimes but so so that's the kind
of thing like what I think when I
respect you and I think you're a
wonderful person like that's the kind of
thing that I'm talking about right
because at the end of the day I want to
have hope for you and I think you are a
good person and sure do I see the good
in people absolutely but I also see like
the bad people and and what I'm hearing
from you is that you know you make a
couple of off-color comments like I
think I mean you know personally I'm not
saying that this comment was good or
that I support it but I think sort of
like cracking an immigration joke about
your your ex-husband who cheated on you
is like within the realm of
understandable acceptable unclear but
like people make jokes all the
full-width what I say now like I used to
be like a real free-spirited person yes
I'm not I'm not afraid here's the way
that I felt before all this happened I
knew that I was good right like I knew
in my heart that I was good and I wasn't
afraid of like saying something that
would make people think I was bad
because I that people would receive me
in the way that I was expressing myself
and what I've learned is that you have
to be really careful with how you say
things because they can be
misinterpreted and I didn't know this
because it was a little girl my parents
never like told me not to do something
or not to say something they let me do
whatever I wanted to do and say whatever
I wanted to say even if it wasn't
appropriate they thought they were just
letting me be my true me so I never
really learned that as I get to like be
careful with my words yes I think that's
a very important lesson to learn and I'm
happy to hear that sense
unfortunately that you had to learn the
hard way that especially when you have a
public platform the words that you say
have a lot of meaning and I'm not saying
that the joke was appropriate what I'm
saying is that like I you know in
private I've had a lot of people who
have dealt with with very difficult
situations and painful situations and
they oftentimes the only way they can
tolerate them is to make jokes about
them and that's what I do that's what I
do like I I made like chaff throwing
jokes now all the time because like it's
the only way I can cope with it yeah you
know but like then people see it and
they're like oh my god then if she
doesn't feel sorry for what she's done
and so like it's just difficult it feels
like there's no win you know um after
this whole like animal abuse thing
happened I was doing yoga on stream I
was trying to practice a headstand and
to go in a headstand you have to go in
downward dog then - and it's a position
when you go like this basically where
your legs are here your bum is up here
and your head is out here right um and
my dog this was right after the animal
abused my dog comes behind me and starts
sniffing my ass and so I thought I can't
push her because if I push her people
are gonna be like animal abuse sorry
sorry I very slowly move down you know
and like I was like okay Luna careful
and yeah it took me a long time to like
get out of the post without like being
super careful not to touch her or hurt
her and then when people started saying
was that I [ __ ] my dog seriously they
started making memes about me [ __ ] my
dog and that I had trained my dog to
lick my vagina or whatever and it's just
like it
doesn't matter what you do yeah what
don't [ __ ] how do you get that from dogs
if asses that's what they do I'm sorry
that just sounds so preposterous to me I
I just feel like people really wanted me
to be evil you know what I mean yeah so
then let me ask you a question okay so
so maybe I'm okay so a couple bouts
one thought that I just want to toss out
and then I have a question for you so
the first is that you know are about a
week ago we had a group of female gamers
we just came on and talked about their
experiences with dealing with toxicity
in games and and one of the interesting
things that they talked about at the end
is actually expressing some amount of
curiosity about like why are why are the
dudes toxic in games like what's going
on in their head and that's got me
thinking a lot about like understanding
where the birth of hatred comes from
because like so far what we've been
focused on like is an organization is
like helping the people who are getting
hurt and like trying to help like the
victims but like I've been thinking a
lot about you know should we be focusing
on the source of the toxicity instead of
the effect of the toxicity because what
I'm hearing then and just hearing you
today and once again there could be a
like a bunch of cognitive bias or things
like that but I'm not really getting
that I mean it sounds like you you
recognize that you did a couple things
that we're sort of out of line I mean
none of it really sounds band worthy you
know to me I don't know but you know I
don't know and so I it's just got me
thinking a lot about them instead of you
but I don't know that it's gonna be
productive to have a conversation about
them so let's just talk about so I just
wanted to toss that out I love it if you
think about it for a little while and
then get back to me about about the
origin of the hatred comes from yeah
or if you have thoughts about that like
I mean because I just don't think like
it comes from someone who is is angry
yeah
so like every a feeling of like
powerlessness yeah so that's the whole
point it's like it's like maybe what we
don't understand yeah and-and-and
but here's the question that I have for
you and I think that this is kind of an
important one you said that when you
were growing up like you had a sense
that you were good as a person and I'm
curious about do you still feel that way
do you feel like on the outside Natalia
is a good person I do but I don't think
that people see that and that's what
hurts me yes I don't think that they I
think they choose not to see that yeah I
think I think it means a lot to them for
you to be somehow how is it
what is the cold odd bias we're like
when you believe something everything
that gets shown at you is just gonna
reaffirm the by yeah I think it I think
that's me event
confirmation bias yeah yeah yeah that's
the thing and like it doesn't matter
what I do at this point like people have
already made up their mind and Who I am
everything I do is just gonna confirm
what they believe yeah so I I don't know
so it sounds like you're able to still
separate their hatred and sort of
recognize that some of that is
irrational that's yeah you've been yeah
it still affects me yeah what hurts it
just frustrates me frustration is an
umbrella emotion there's another kind of
emotion blind underneath frustration
what's what are you frustrated by can I
go to the bathroom real quick
yep okay okay I'll think about it while
I'm in the bathroom
okay
all right twitch at
you
yeah this is this is uh this is
interesting
you
and I I don't know how much of this is
about her like it's weird right like I
mean I don't
I mean you know what this reminds me of
but like it reminds me of like being a
field medic I mean I've never been a
field medic and it's like if you get a
patient that's been shot a bunch of
times and then you deal with you know
you you get the bullets out and things
like that and then okay they go back out
into the field yeah
sorry to interrupt you no go for it I
have to say I have the biggest insights
in life when I'm in the bathroom I
figured it out you figured it out what
did you figure it's a control thing what
does that mean
I've always had a control problem like
my eating disorder like everything it's
about not being able to control things
in life I can't control what people
think about me oh that upsets me I can't
control people say about me that upsets
me ah now we're getting somewhere see
now I can help you with this yeah okay
so say tell us more about that I don't
know like I I've always heard that like
anorexia stems from like a lack of
control and like for me the way that
like I've always coped with stress
has been by like being able to control
things yes so like when I was younger it
was with food I would just like me like
you know the whole world can be falling
apart but if I'm only eating one apple a
day that's the only focus in my life and
everything else doesn't matter now
because I don't have that anymore
I organized so I just like take my
entire closet apart organized by color
by shape by four you know um clean my
entire home things like that I've always
had an issue with like not having
control over things and I think that
probably stems from somewhere in my
childhood where my dad was in prison or
you know probably there I feel like all
my issues started with my I grew up in
Colombia in the 90s
and there was cartels and guerrillas and
bomb bins and kidnappings and the cartel
went down my dad was related to the
cartel he ended up in prison it was like
then I parents separated it was just
like one thing after the other and right
after that I developed writing disorder
what was going on around that time um
well like I said it was like one thing
after the other yes right so so so it
sounds like your dad went to prison she
did well yeah like for you it sucked
it really did and not just because of
that but because my mom found it he was
cheating on her wash well he was in
prison so my mom suffered a lot because
of that and my dad was shot on her while
he was in prison yeah my dad's a big
cheater like I've it's five of us from
four different moms there's overlap in
relationships like why not that was a
player yeah so anyway um I had like a
tumultuous childhood I would say there
is like a lot of things that happened
that don't I don't know I wouldn't say
like more than the average person but
there's a lot of change happening
rapidly between the ages of like nine to
um and then writing disorder started
then when I was 16 my mom had cancer
yeah and then
I was still being bulimic at the time
and I was in I got into medical school
but then I started playing world
Warcraft and I got like I got upset no
but it was bad like I was addicted to
world Warcraft I quit school everything
I am I started just like would wake up
play Wow all day until I went to bed for
two years I didn't do anything that's
how I met my ex-husband and then I ended
up here in Canada and then I ended
streaming and it's just like my whole
life has been like a roller coaster of
things going on what did your dad think
about him
ooh my relationship with my father Freud
why would he say about this um okay my
dad wasn't really that much there like
he was there he was there like on the
weekends um we didn't have like a really
close relationship but he was always
there
you know he helped a lot he put me
through like a really good school he
paid to things so my dad paid private
health care and private school for me so
I was able to go to school with a lot of
like really rich kids even though we
weren't rich like me and my mom weren't
rich but like I went to like a really
rich school and it was hard cuz I don't
know I never felt like I fit in in
school either plus I had an eating
disorder and it was very visible that I
had an eating disorder I mean I was 23
pounds don't need three kilos sorry like
that's like I don't know like 60 pounds
less than like I was
I was Amman ceated like it was really
bad
um and so I feel like people would look
at me with like like yuck like everybody
would stare at me
and so that was pretty hard that was
like high school for me was like being
alone and people like staring at me
because I looked like I was dying yeah
did it feel to have them stare I think
that was my motivation for getting
better
is that weird
no like I just didn't want people to
look at me like that anymore you talking
about people in school or nowadays on
the Internet
oh no not in the internet I look good
now like I'm good I don't look like I I
was just thinking that it was
interesting because the statement that
you made I wonder if it could apply now
right that you just don't want people to
look at you the way that they do is that
how that feels
I just don't want people to look at me
at all like I want to go back to my
small little community of people that
hung out and play video games I like
that
I don't want Fame I don't want money I
just want to meet have enough money to
pay my bills and have fun playing video
games with my close friends that's all I
want to do like I I'm not asking people
to like me I'm just I just want them to
stop harassing me 24/7
so this sounds to me like it feels quite
different from what the way that you
felt back when you had an eating
disorder at school oh yeah totally have
you ever felt the way that you do now
like before like growing up
no not really like I I had like moments
of like bullying shortly maybe like in
like sixth grade when there's these two
kids they like start throwing things at
me
but that was easy because I could just
get away from them I can't get away from
this yeah
that don't sound what you really want to
do is just get away from it start a new
life
yes just play your games with your
friends and hang out and have a good
time yeah you know so just to be clear
you know I think we talked a lot about
the past on the stream and I think we
learned a lot of important lessons from
the past we learn about how to relate to
people and things like that but I think
Natalia your story is a really good
example of how like I'm sure the past is
significant but it sounds to me like
this isn't some kind of you know this
didn't start when you were not I mean I
think some stuff started when you were
nine yeah but I think I was able to
recover like I am my eating disorders in
check and honestly like I think I have
my my polaron check I haven't done any
crazy things you know in the past few
years I mean yeah I'm a little loud and
crazy at times and I you know but it's
just my personality I think honestly so
let's talk about and I agree I mean I
think that this isn't this is a bipolar
this isn't you know it's not mama from
childhood or I mean it sounds like it's
pretty clear to me that you sort of get
an a very high amount of hate and
toxicity on a daily basis and just
thinking about the mind and the way that
I understand it you don't need to go
looking for another reason to feel like
[ __ ] yeah it's not like I mean we can
check a little bit but you know I think
the interesting thing I do think that
you can move forward from this and I
think the main thing has something to do
with sort of acceptance and
understanding that you can't control
people's perceptions and so I mean I
think I think I had already got into
that point yeah I just think like there
is a few things that happened recently
what happened dad like really got my my
whole barriers down
well it was like like everything I
wasn't going with my crowed and stuff
it's just been going like like in a
steady downhill and then like three days
ago for you know like five days ago
ninja made like a snarky comment at me
on Twitter and like his entire following
just destroyed my socials with like hate
and stuff like more than usual cuz he
has a lot of followers and so I spent
like all night just like reading really
nasty stuff and then the next morning I
wake up and I find out that Byron killed
himself and
I mean it that was just really hard
that was just really difficult for me to
process yeah because he was like one of
the oh geez and Wow like when I started
streaming that him and soda we're like
the other two wow streamers and like I
knew like he had struggle with mental
health for a long time and you know we
have we we hung out and the times that
we hung out like he was a nice guy he
was so sweet and he just like
I just feel so bad about it
yeah he was a really nice guy it's good
guy
yeah I think I think Ovid has been I
think four years or even decades people
are going to be studying the mental
health impacts of koban you know I
wouldn't even be surprised that people
are more hateful towards you because
they're sitting at home and have nowhere
to go
I think there's a lot of weird stuff
going on like part of me feels like I
don't deserve that like I don't I don't
deserve it to put myself in a position
in which that's what I have to do I
completely agree with you like in a way
I feel like I should protect myself from
this
what do you deserve
both good piece yeah I think we all
deserve peace
I think it's really really sad that
you're not able to find it yeah I mean
I've said this a couple of times and
telly I just don't know I mean we can
talk about toxicity we can talk about
stress we can but I just don't I don't
see a problem on your end like I know
it's kind of weird to say but I mean
maybe there is one I'm just saying I
don't see it I think do you try to
control things probably I think you know
you can think long and hard about I'm a
little bit of a control freak for sure
yeah so I think that generally speaking
people who are control freaks have high
trait neuroticism which is sort of a
personality characteristic from
something called the five factor model
and they tend to suffer more because
they kind of get bent out of shape yeah
you know there are all kinds of things
that we can tell you to do like read
less on social media spend less time on
social yeah it's like that I can
probably do that I probably do that I
try very hard to steer clear like even
though I sort of in a sense have you
know it's completely different in my
case because generally speaking I'm
lucky enough to have the opposite
narrative from what it sounds like you
got so my narrative on the Internet has
been overwhelmingly positive or at least
from what I've seen and so I'm lucky to
have that and I still try to steer clear
of it
yeah and just be careful you never know
when you like it can change absolutely
right so it's gonna change at some point
because that's what happens no one yeah
the more you get idealized the less the
more difficult it is the more you are
like every time that you're online every
time you say something like every second
year online you take a risk of like
somebody misinterpreting it or someone
saying something right and then like it
creates a lot of anxiety in me sometimes
like to the point where
I'm sometimes scared to stream
I feel like I'm gonna say something
wrong or I'm gonna say something bad and
it's gonna bring more hate sounds like a
very exhausting way to live in your head
yeah constantly calculating yeah
sounds the very opposite of like you
described yourself as carefree before
yes that's like your very different I
miss it so much
it hurts me a lot that I can't be like
that
yeah that makes sense to me
I think out of everything that I'm
hearing it's almost I don't know if
innocence is the right word but I think
carefree is like certainly the right
word what I'm hearing from you is that
you have to fight you're doing all these
calculations in your head all the time
about what you can and saying what you
should and shouldn't say and I hear that
you're kind of struggling to keep all
this hatred at bay as best as you can
like you're cleaning your life taking
out the trash and your Instagram every
morning it just sounds exhausting it
sounds like it's really starting to
affect you
yeah is there anything else I can do to
help
I don't think so I mean this was really
helpful I think no way oh so because I'm
not really feeling like I did very much
um I received some empathy which is nice
it's nice it's really really not to be
addressed innate it yeah so I like
talking to people who are nice so that
was nice talking to you was nice cut up
glass
happy to be a part of your public life
that is not filled with toxicity and
hatred but I think it's also kind of sad
that conversations like this or
interactions like this are not the norm
for you I think actually it's tragic
that the norm for you has changed so
drastically and what you have to deal
with sounds it sounds [ __ ] awful
that's all I gotta be honest I can't
imagine I've dealt with a lot of people
who have dealt with a lot of hatred but
honestly the sounds the worst if that
means anything to you tell me like
you're so strong you're so strong and
like I'm I appear really strong but like
it's so much work yeah so I thought it'd
work absolutely so I think you know
people called me strong as well and you
know I'm I'm happy people feel that way
but I wait yeah and I don't feel strong
yeah it's it's it's it's hard to
remember that it's like it ain't easy
being strong and you know I feel like
the fact that other people tell you
you're strong makes you feel like you
have to be more strong yes those people
are telling you that you have to be
strong mm-hmm yeah so I don't know if
it's a good thing actually because then
I'd for so long not to appear weak and I
think I just had a point like how to
break down yes I did I I don't think I
showed like my vulnerability for a long
time because I was trying to appear
strong so Natalia I think there are some
important lessons to be learned here I I
feel like for some reason now is not the
time to really go into them but the
first is to be careful about the
expectations that you set for yourself
because essentially what I'm hearing
from you first and foremost is that this
is a problem of expectation it's a
problem of what people's what people
expect from you it's a problem of
expectations that you can't get away
from because they interpret everything
through their lens and you have to be
careful because I think at some point I
mean there's got
it's got to be affecting you in terms of
the way that you think about yourself
and so be careful about you know even in
a weird way I'm not saying that like it
doesn't sound like you're starting to
believe them which is really good and
really healthy and at the same time you
may overcompensate based on that hatred
and become something that you actually
shouldn't be which is a little bit too
careful and and I think that there is
reason to be a little bit less I mean a
little bit less carefree and at the same
time I think it would be it would make
me really sad if you started becoming
someone who was overly careful that if
you couldn't let yourself cut loose from
time to time because you are a little
bit on the edge you are a little bit
funny you can say things that are a
little bit off-color and I think those
actually make you a wonderful person too
I definitely don't think that you should
you know you've got to be careful with
the alcohol and you should be careful
with your pets depending on what
actually happened but I mean it sounds
to me like you know you do care about
your pets a lot and and I mean you know
I'm allergic to cats and I have three
like they make me very sick I wouldn't
have them if I didn't love them yeah and
you know I think it's kind of sad if you
have to be I mean in a sense if they
make you be someone who's like overly
careful and doesn't open their mouth
like that's not that's not good right
sure maybe it'll reduce the hate but I
think the really challenging road for
you to walk is like not to try to reduce
the hate because that's not something
you can control and this comes back to
you by the way Frank the toilets yeah
like you have to you have to live a life
where not so much like you shouldn't do
things that foster hate or give them
ammo you have to be like careful about
that but at the same time you know
you're not going to be able to control
whether they hate you because they hate
you and can you find some piece of
yourself and it sounds like you can and
and really find Natalia or like who you
are on the inside and recognize that who
they hate is illinit ii and isn't all
yeah even then it sounds like I mean I
don't I don't think but I have to like
constantly remind myself of those things
you know yeah so that's where we're I
think we can change a little bit because
when you say constantly remind yourself
that sounds like a conscious
process yeah you're exerting in the top
of your mind
pushing down on certain feelings whereas
I think what would be cool is if if you
instead of constant reminders you felt
on the inside and kind of bubbled up
some senses like who you are that these
people aren't accurate that this is
coming from them yeah I think I think
this this comes from like
I have a very like weird sense and of
the world I guess this is gonna sound
really stupid but like
you
I believe that every person that exists
is like part of me as well
and so that has good and bad things sure
because it helps me treat everybody with
kindness but it also
makes it so that everybody's opinions
matter and way to me sure you know and
that is something that is really
difficult for me to make peace with
that's hard I don't think that's stupid
at all in fact there's a Sun script
phrase that actually capsule eights that
sentiment and that is but the bomb I see
so there are four Sun script sentences
that are called sort of the great
sentences which are kind of the
conclusions that all these like
enlightened Yogi's came to and that's so
I don't think it's stupid at all and
what but Pharmacy is literally
translated as I am that or that thou art
that that that you and me are actually
the same thing yeah I agree with that
and it makes it so difficult for me to
receive hate from people that I'm trying
to treat us being equal to myself yeah
so I feel like if I had if I had a huge
ego and I was able to be like oh I'm
better than everybody else their
opinions don't matter it can be easier
for me to tell what the hey
but if you think yeah I think you're
right I think also that you've stumbled
upon another important thing which is
that ego protects us from other people
and the fact that you're it sounds like
you're not very egotistical which in
turn means that you connect with them
more deeply which in turn means that you
bear more pain this is difficult
what are you feeling right now
I'm just feeling sad
because I sometimes I feel like my only
choice to not let things affect me is to
maybe changed the way how I view the
world
I think that'll help but I don't think
it's the right move
I don't right so either like I don't I I
I love the way that I view the world and
I don't
I don't know what to do
you
yeah sometimes I have answers for people
in Italia I don't have answers for you
yet but I do have some so the first
thing is that I have faith in you and I
don't think that you need to tank your
life to get away from it at the same
time if you feel like you do have to
quit streaming want to change your name
and move to even the further remote part
of sense catch you on then go for it
I wouldn't blame you at the same time I
think that what I've what I've come to
observe time and again is that I think
you say that you don't know what to do I
say I don't know what you should do and
at the same time the cool thing is that
we're doing something right now
and I wouldn't be surprised if you woke
up tomorrow morning and you felt better
in some way or had some kind of answer
so let me say this very clearly a lot of
times we're stuck in life and we don't
know what to do and the thing is like we
think okay I have to figure out what to
do like we have to figure out a plan to
move from like a twosie you don't have
to figure out a plan from A to Z all you
have to figure out is like a to B and
you don't know where Z is you don't know
where how to get there but in your case
what I would strongly encourage you to
do is like I don't know if you're
swimming today or what but you know
spend some time outside cuz it sounds
like it's a nice day because it's summer
and you're pretty far earth it sounds
like just spend some time outside spend
some times with your husband doing good
I haven't streamed since like like
Thursday okay yeah so so I think give
yourself some time and some space and
recognize that you're actually doing a
lot already and that that will start to
have effects and positive effects and so
you don't have to we don't have to
figure out what to do all we have to
figure out is like how are you gonna
what are you gonna do over the next day
and how are you gonna feel over the next
day and I wouldn't be surprised if you
start to feel better I think you should
reach out to your psychiatrist and let
them know that you're struggling that's
what they're there for
yeah and then the last thing is that you
know I think it's like figuring out what
to do is going to be an ongoing
basically and there's a part of me that
sort of says like don't give up
streaming because I I think so here's
the the other thing that I don't think
people realize like you know you're
creating something for a lot of people I
don't know what that is
and and but you're you're resonating
with people it sounds like you're a
pretty popular streamer so you know like
something is like you're doing something
that like is connecting with other human
beings you say you feel connected to
other people dr. Bamba so you call it
whatever you want to and I think that
you're doing that and it sounds like
that's what you're gonna ma that's their
daughter ma like you your that's what
your duty that's what your circumstances
have allowed you to do so I think you
should have been you doing that I love
doing that yeah so if you like playing
games and being a little bit you know
off-color and funny and sometimes you
speak out of turn
like I hope that you can get to a place
where you can actually be like a little
bit more of the person that you really
are and I I get that I think it's you
know you're gonna get hate for it but
sometimes when people hate you if you
start to like crumble a little bit like
that actually eggs them on more well
that's what I thought that's what I
thought you know that if I showed people
that it was hurting me that it would
make it happen more and that's why for
two years I remained super strong and
pretended like nothing affected me and I
think it actually made people angrier
yeah yeah so what I'm saying is not to
pretend like it doesn't affect you but
to actually think a little bit about
going back to the person that you used
to be alright and and going back I'm not
saying you know drink and do things no I
used to be like I think I I think I like
the qualities of my personality of yeah
you know like my dark humor and the fun
and stuff and I still have that I
haven't lost good I just I just have to
be more careful um I think there's like
a healthy amount of anxiety I can have
in order to ensure that I don't say
anything out of line just not
that because anxiety serves a good
purpose I'm just just not allowing that
anxiety to overtake me into getting in
my head and feeling like I can't speak
or do things yeah absolutely
I mean yeah I think part of the reason
that I don't know how to guide you is
because I think you understand a lot of
when I teach action and yeah one of the
big messages yeah and and so I think
your spirituality and stuff your yoga
and your meditation seems to be your
self-reflection seems to be paying off
and so let me leave you with one or two
last sentiments and if I can I'm gonna
I'm gonna try to do the thing where I
try to give people hope can I try - do
you have hope a little bit okay let me
try - let me try to feed that flame just
a tiny amount okay so Natalia I
recognize that you've been struggling
for a while and you're dealing with a
lot of hatred but I think it's actually
quite amazing that you are the person
that you are and what I mean by that is
that I think you're growing in ways that
are quite profound and I think a lot of
what you're saying and discovering is
actually making you like a better person
and I think it's making you into the
person that the world needs you to be
because here's the thing when it comes
to people expressing toxicity towards
towards twich thoughts is that right
yeah you're not the only one right
you're not the only person that people
hate sure they hate you the most it
sounds like but you're certainly not the
only woman out there who's getting hate
and it's not even just women right it's
like like people hate all kinds of
things and they just go like really
really hard on people like I don't know
why they hate so much but they hate so
much and I think that you are actually
making the world a better place by you
know going through this yourself and
sort of learning from it growing from it
and I think often times we don't realize
that when we're struggling the world is
sort of turning us into the person that
it needs and you know I think the
interesting thing is that people see
like dr. kay but they don't see like all
look at the age how old
if you don't mind me asking
okay nevermind you're not dead so so you
know assuming you're young but and I'm
making assumptions that I'm older than
you already - okay
so how are you I'm 37 okay so the story
doesn't quite apply well actually that
actually makes sense because that's why
I think I don't need to help you as much
because I think you've grown a lot so oh
yeah like if I was like in my 20s a
completely different story yeah I think
a lot of times as we're going through
the [ __ ] we don't realize what the [ __ ]
is gonna turn us into after a while and
what everyone sees in terms of like
strength is like the finished product
they don't see the process and I think
as long as you I see you sewing a lot of
positive karma karma so I see you doing
a lot of things for yourself to help
yourself out and it is my belief that if
you continue doing those things you're
gonna end up in a good place that you've
been on a journey of like
self-reflection and growth and stick
with it because as someone who I guess
is on the other side who's kind of come
out the other end of the tunnel I think
you're actually quite close hopefully
you know I mean hopefully suicide
doesn't win but III think I mean because
like I'm saying I I don't really see a
whole lot to help you with Natalia and I
think that's because I mean you do so
many things that are difficult to do you
walk the line between acknowledging that
you've done wrong and also thinking
you're a good person that nuance which
you hold is so difficult for so many
people if you think about our community
they think they're pieces of [ __ ] and
they do everything wrong right any
mistake they make reflects on their view
what the internet that you know how the
Internet has a narrative about you so
much of our community has a narrative
about themselves and they treat
themselves the way that the Internet
treats you and no matter what they do
they hate themselves they can't do
anything right
I I think like for the first like 20
years of my life I had to
deal with like learning to love myself
and I think maybe that was preparing the
for this moment absolutely and and so
you know I think you hopefully you're
prepared and you know whatever you end
up doing you know you're kind of on
behind you I mean not whenever I don't
want you to kill yourself you know
curses or a psychiatrist but like I
think if you decide that you need to
take a break from streaming or streaming
is that for you you know I wouldn't
blame you and at the same time I think
that sometimes amidst all of the hate
it's very very difficult to see the good
that you're doing and sometimes even
amongst all of the good it can be just
as hard to see the damage that you're
doing so that's something that we think
a lot about you know I think a lot about
whether what we do is ethical or helps
people or what seems like the answer is
yes but just because the world sends you
hate doesn't mean that you're doing a
bad job and if that's true the opposite
is also true that just because the world
sends you lots of love doesn't mean that
you're doing a good job and at the end
of the day you have to reflect and find
that answer for yourself you can't trust
them right yeah makes sense and I I
think you're gonna be I mean I hope
you're gonna be okay and I think that
you're doing what needs to be done by
having this conversation by thinking
about it by reflecting and I also think
that a lot of what you need is not going
to come it's not something that you can
do it's something that we as a community
have to help you with which is exploring
that the nature of hatred and toxicity
and trying to get underneath that
because there is just no way Natalia I I
don't know how else to say this there is
no way that you have done anything that
there's random people on the internet
who you never met and who have never met
you and for them to hate you so much
has nothing to [ __ ] do with you it
has to do with that like to do that make
sense
like you're allowed to hate people who
like you know steal yeah right so like
that that amount of hatred like it just
doesn't make any rational sense for you
to just pick a random person on the
internet and decide that like you're
gonna spend day in and
out trying to make that person kill
themselves I think like for example in
my case though it has to do with
people who follow certain like in like
influencers and then that influencer has
a problem with me and so they attacked
me because of the problem that I have
with a person that they follow yeah but
still that still has nothing to do with
you right because like if there are
people who are extensions of an
influencers will then it's still a
problem for that person like why do you
why are you directing your thoughts and
beliefs based on a particular person
myself included oh I understand that but
what I was trying to say as there are
like people that follow certain others
like for example keemstar Teamster has a
large large following and he likes to
talk people and his followers go and
attack people so I do think that a
problem I'm not saying like in video
game hate but in the problem that I'm
facing myself has to do with
him having a platform in which he is
allowed to hate people and not just me
like he like said that some guy was a
pedophile and like he wasn't and it was
just like horrible for him he like lust
is gently I don't know the whole story
but it's really sad one um and I just
don't think that a person should be
allowed to say things without having any
proof you know yeah I mean I that makes
sense to me I think it's that that also
is sort of a societal problem like I
think this kind of goes back to like
it's not on you though right it's not
that you're doing something wrong it's
that I mean I think we've got a family
I've made mistake I have made mistakes
but I haven't killed anybody
you know yeah like I I think like I
think I even like murders don't get the
amount of hate I get yeah yeah sounds
it's rough yeah so listen any any
thoughts the kind of questions before we
sort of I was kind of thinking about
winding down we've been at it for about
an hour and a half even a little bit
longer yeah like two hours almost um no
I I feel better I think like that you
look like you're yeah the whole idea
that I'm still gonna cry but the whole
idea that I just can't control like the
narrative you know no matter what I do I
think it gives me a sense of
maybe like I don't have to worry about
it as much like if I can't control it
then like I I can't do anything about it
so I think it's just maybe gonna be like
not exposing myself to that hate as much
as I can and like try and protect myself
so I don't have to treat those things as
much and I do have some measures in
place a lot I don't know how to read
those things so I think I'll be working
on that good
so Natalia just to kind of clarify a
little bit I don't think you can control
the narrative but what I would say is
that so the way I would frame it is that
you can't control how they receive what
you do but you can absolutely control
what you do yeah but whatever you do
it's gonna get misinterpret like
whatever I do it's can I get
misinterpreted I already know that yeah
yeah and and so just be careful because
sometimes people take that I'm not
getting the sense from you to a license
to do whatever the [ __ ] they want right
because I'm not getting that from you
but I was just for the people watching
like I you know I think it's an
important distinction to make that
you're not gonna you know run around
hitting people and things like that but
that to understand that fundamentally is
a human being you're in control of your
actions but not the consequences of your
actions
and the reason that I have hope for you
Natalia is because I think at the end of
the day the way that you were acting day
to day is not correlating with what you
receive the fact that you're being
spiritual the fact that you're
reflecting on what you do the fact that
you're being thoughtful about what you
say I think all of those are seeds that
you've planted which are gonna bear
fruit months from now or even years from
now the person that you're gonna you're
becoming is the person that you're gonna
be with for the rest of your life and
that's the person I can get behind I
think what you're dealing with now is
the bitter fruits of seeds that you
sowed many years ago yeah and the
hardest period of time is when you're
reaping your bad fruit and sowing your
good seeds and it can feel like you
really really want to give up but in my
overwhelming experience if you stick
through it and you do the right thing
that starts to turn the tide and I
really do hope that that tide turns for
you
looks like anything emotional again okay
yeah so sometimes I teach people how to
meditate I think if you're feeling
emotional we don't what do you feel like
doing do you want to meditate or not bad
no I just I just I cry when like a
person says something that I believe is
true and then it makes me sad about
myself why I'm not crying because I'm
feeling sad I'm crying because I relate
well you just said yep that's for you so
you know just so you know it's just it's
the way my emotions work I guess yeah
that's that's a very healthy way for
them to work that's all okay so what do
you think you want to meditate a little
bit what do you sounds like your
bathroom
okay go use about them okay okay
revelation number two ink let's see what
back with this okay so I got to think
about what kind of meditation we teach
you
I'm feeling a lot better actually
good yeah hmm so if you wanted so tell
me guys me a little bit
I teach different kinds of meditations
depending on what people's goals are and
in your case I see a couple of different
options one is something that's a little
bit more spiritual and some others like
something that's a little bit more
emotional like what are you looking to
gain from meditation oh I don't want to
get more emotional I'm already so
emotional um so you want to be like like
less emotional like control your
emotions I just wanna be calm okay
so I'll give you a choice I can teach me
a technique that will help you calm
yourself down a little bit or I can
teach you a technique that will help you
sort of more on a sort of more spiritual
level like thinking about your
connectedness to other people and that
kind of [ __ ] what do you prefer so let's
do the first one I'm already really
connected to people okay great awesome
so let's start by sitting up straight
and now I have to think about which one
to do how clogged is your nose not that
much okay so hmm let me blow it okay I'm
gonna teach you something called
triphasic breathing okay okay so what
we're gonna do is actually so that
there's cool thing about the mind is
that it's very connected to the breath
and depending on how we breathe it sort
of creates certain emotions and some
emotions actually create certain breath
patterns so if someone's like scared
they'll breathe like right that's the
breath pattern of fear breath measure of
anger is a little bit different so if we
actually adjusts our breathing and we
kind of know this because we'll tell
people to take deep breaths and if they
take deep breaths they kind of calm down
so how does that work we're not
whatever but there are particular breath
patterns that I'm gonna teach you that
hopefully will kind of calm you down
okay okay we'll help you sort of process
or separate yourself from your emotions
and do you know how to belly breather
abdominally breathe like breathe with
your stomach instead of your chest okay
yeah so take a deep breath in excellent
and then out very good beautiful okay so
what we're gonna do is triphasic
breathing so the first phase is going to
be belly breathing so we're gonna do
three breaths with our with our about so
for those of y'all who are watching so
what we want to do is on the inhalation
if you guys notice Natalya's stomach is
gonna come out is she breathe them
beautiful do you guys see that and then
as you exhale the stomach goes back in
it's great because you have those little
things on your pants so you can see them
move good beautiful I see Matt okay good
and now Natalia what I want you to do is
when you take a breath in with your
stomach when you're at full breath pause
for a second and then breathe in a
little bit more and then expand your
chest so do belly first and then chest
it's hard it is hard it's supposed to be
okay okay
start with just the belly okay just like
you were doing and now incorporate the
chest right there you feel that a little
bit more and then out slowly good
let's do three of those
breathe in with the valley expand the
chest and then out expound the belly
well no it's just I feel it immediately
yep
keep going focus
I have a very hyperactive item I know I
mean that's okay that's why we're gonna
breathe good so notice that humor notice
it within yourself good and returning to
the breath
beautiful Italian just like you did good
good so now we can even see it I'm gonna
comment about what we're seeing and I
want you to listen to what I'm saying
notice that what I'm saying is gonna try
to create a reaction in your mind and
focus on the breath so we can see
there's a slight smile it's starting to
calm down as we talk about Natalia the
smile may him peace she may feel more
self-conscious just listen to the words
see there's the humor good so now she
ranks and now returned to the breath
moment that I'm not talking about you
just listen to the sound of my voice and
breathe in with the belly expand the
chest and then out
you can see with the exhalation calmness
returning to the face there's a pleasant
neutral slight positive expression
breathe again
but now Natalia
to try to break apart the abdomen and
the chest so do the valley first and
then the chest
Valley first slowly good now add the
chest good and now out now we're gonna
do phase three okay so when belly is
full and chest is full then I want you
to open your eyes for a second
lift up your shoulders like this and
breathe just a tiny bit more you're
gonna get five percent I can do yes you
can
what do you mean you can't those reminds
me of when do you how do you say like
the sound salutations where you breathe
up yep all the way and then you can
breathe anymore
I hit a point all right yes yes okay
we'll get you there Sun Salutation it's
actually harder when you do that but
that's okay okay we'll get you try it if
you can't do it in a big deal okay so
eyes closed so breathe in belly chest
and I lift off the shoulders just a tiny
amount do you get anything and then out
that's all you need you don't even need
to lift him up quite that much
so abdomen slow chest and then slight
raise of the shoulders just tiny bit
more and then out
don't forget this
I don't know where you get that idea but
we're just gonna keep going okay set
that aside that's a judgment about
yourself
it's an annotation okay ignore it
eyes closed back straight you're having
thoughts so be it
feeling embarrassment so be it you're
not good at this just hard
I meditate all the time by myself but
it's difficult yeah an area it's very
yeah yeah so let's try one more time no
there's people watching and you're
talking you know okay so maybe what
we're gonna do is just close your eyes
and I'm gonna shut the [ __ ] up yeah
we're gonna just let you meditate I love
it okay
you
go ahead and finish the round that
you're on right
you surprised me no it's okay okay good
yeah feeling good strong work today yeah
that was good thank you for taking the
time to talk to me thank you for coming
on and and sharing with everyone yeah I
like that project that you're in of
figuring out you know the whole hate
thing and stuff if I can help you with
it at all let me know you know honestly
we're trying to figure it out but my
first thought is that if you want to
send some of your haters our way like
I'd love to talk to them I'm serious
okay I just don't know if my haters with
do something that
I give you their Twitter account yeah
we're gonna like them
we're gonna have to figure that out yeah
if I tell them to go to you they're not
gonna do that right right sorry for them
like I get a lot of hateful twitter them
so I can just send you three so so what
profiles and you can contact them so I
have to be a little bit careful because
I'm kind of a boomer and sometimes I get
into situations that are not good for me
so let me talk to my staff about how to
actually do something about this because
we want to do this we want to talk to
haters at some point cuz I think we have
to write to understand what's in their
mind yeah and and at the same time I
don't want you to send all of your
haters our way because you're pretty
good at surviving the hate and I'm still
new at it so I don't know if I can
handle it yet
I think they hate me I don't think they
hate everybody I don't know but if I'm
friendly towards you maybe I'm putting a
target on my back oh noes anyway we'll
sort it out we'll reach out to you soon
I think what we have to we really do
have to figure this out okay
all right yeah don't count on me for
whatever and I'm gonna say something
about you after I hang up with you that
I want you to watch on the bog tomorrow
is that okay I want you to just think
about this for a second but I'm gonna
comment a little bit about this
meditation technique I'm gonna teach the
rest of twitch but I don't want you to
watch it right now okay yeah I want you
just think for a second they think for a
day and then you can watch that more
okay all right take care you too thanks
good luck bye okay bye okay so no
spoilery no all right so here's the
thing to understand so this technique is
gonna be really important for her
because she was trying to figure out how
to block out like she was like people
are watching and you're talking and
that's hard
absolutely that's why you need to do
this technique because if you can learn
how to block out for just a few moments
everyone watching and me talking to you
that's what she needs
she needs a place in her mind where she
escaped what she wants his escape and
like even for 15 minutes a day if she
can escape from everyone watching
because she takes the people that are
watching with her in her mind I don't
know if you guys like if that makes
sense but the Twitter dm's follow her
throughout the day right like they go
with her they like infect her mind and
they like propagate in her thoughts and
even with all of that simulation she's
really got to do this kind of technique
because she needs to give her space
escaping is not about changing her
circumstances although that certainly
helps
she needs to escape by doing that by all
means but the really crazy thing is that
you can escape from all of that stuff
right here and and she can escape from
all of the hatred in her own mind
through like dedication in the practice
and she's well on that journey already
to be honest it's really cool and maybe
streaming is that for her absolutely
maybe it's not for her that's a decision
she's got to make on Raw but if we can
equip her with a tool that if she
decides that she does love it which it
sounds like she does then we want to
help her do what she loves and and if we
can protect a little bit from the hatred
by giving her a space in her mind to
ignore my words and ignore that
everyone's watching because that's what
she's trying to do let's help her do it
and and hopefully it'll help okay so
[Music]
uh okay so